So our first card has different
behaviors through these break points, so
we wanna set up styles for
it as a featured card.
The featured card actually never
changes layout once it's initially set.
Okay, so if we look again on our demo,
look at the layout of our featured
card here, let me make it small, okay?
So we have picture,
headline, text, button.
As I make this bigger,
the rest of the page is changing, but
look at this featured item.
It's not changing at all, is it?
It stays exactly the same the entire time.
Everybody see that?
Cool?
We didn't realize that was happening,
because we were thinking
about media queries.
We were not thinking about
how each card is behaving.
Now what I would like for
you to do is take that featured card,
and I would like you to try to
write some container queries
reflecting the fact that this
design never changes, okay?
And I'll show you my
answer in just a minute.
Okay, so here's the way I'm going
to handle this particular issue.
The first thing I'm going to do is my
very first card which is the one that
is our featured card.
I'm gonna change it completely.
I'm not even gonna leave
the card part with it.
I'm gonna call it just featured, okay?
And that means I'm gonna need
to set up some featured queries.
So immediately, as soon as I do that,
all of my other cards have
got whatever layout you got at this
particular width of the design.
But my featured card
immediately looks different.
So I'm now gonna set up my featured card.
.featured, and container name is featured,
and container type is in line size.
Remember in line size, it's always gonna
be that thing, you just put it in,
you can call it whatever
you wanna call it.
Then I'm gonna write my container
queries just for the featured card.
So @container featured and
a min width of 200 pixels.
The article will be padding= 1 rem,
display= grid, and gap= 1 rem.
Okay, so if that feels familiar,
we actually kind of wrote that
style earlier on the cards.
We're now actually just copying that
over here for the featured card.
Then we're going to add this article,
greater than sign star.
We're gonna set our margin to 0.
It'll tighten everything
up really really nicely.
And that is it.
That is all we need to do for
our featured card because its layout never
changes after the 200 pixel minimum point.
So at less than 200 pixels, there is
no formatting to any card anywhere.
And when we get larger than 200 pixels,
then we've got similar
layouts here initially,
although they're missing their paragraph.
And as we get bigger this layout of
this featured card never changes
even though the cards underneath
are continuing to change.